All right.
As I said in the last part of the previous video we can actually run this whole thing.
And how are we PCI-E subnets.
And is two instances lounged on a AWOS.
It's a great time to test all things out because these are all connected things to each other tightly
connected actually because we're launching an easy to instance and to launch that easy to instance we're
going to have to provide a subnet and for that purpose we created a VPC for our own and then we launched
two subnets as being private and public.
And we launched Tui's to two instances within those public and private subnets.
So no it's a great time to test all things out and I'm simply going to go down and run this whole thing.
So I'm going to go here and I'm just going to run the main methhead so wish me luck here and let's just
run it.
And here we go our script as running and it is already finished with everything we want to create on
a date with us.
Isn't this beautiful having to be able to launch a whole infrastructure within your code and not just
enlarge this and check everything out one by one.
And the first thing that we did was to create a PC with the side or block of 10.0 dot 0.06 last 16 and
the state of that BPC is pending.
Why don't we call the BPC creation method.
But it must be available up until now and then we added the both of three dash Ribisi tag to our PC
and then we created an Internet gateway to use for our very PC and then we created a public subnet for
this PC with the cyder block of 10 dot 0.2 1.0 slash 24.
And as you can see with the subnet response we can see everything about our subnet.
And after we created ourselves that we added the bowlful three Dasch public Desch subnet tag to our
subnet and then we created a public Croot table explicitly to be used for our public subnet for our
PC and then we added a route to our public route table for internet gateway to be able to be accessed
from the internet and wice versa.
And then we associated our subnet with this route table so that we can use this through table actions
and rules within our subnet and then we moved on to creating a private subnet with the side or block
of 10.0 dot 2.0 slash 24.
And then we added the tech to our subnet our private subnet as both all three dash private Dasch subnet
as you can see here.
And then we moved on to our easy to section and we first created a key pair and the response from key
player as you can see we can actually the key See the key material from A W-S.
So the string within these brackets these lines here beginning RSA private key pair.
You can just simply copy this key pair and you can see that is highly aligned quite long and you can
just copy this keep their data and you can say that in a file and you can just simply use this key pair
to connect to are easy to instances but in our case since we only allowed our public to instance to
be connected from the outside world you can only use this key pair for our public easy to instance not
for the private easy to instance.
So after giving this information we moved on to create a security group for our public to instance.
And of course using divi PC and then we added a public access route to our security group and then we
added this through to attach this rule to our security group.
Then we moved on to our actual thing and which is the launching of easy to instance within the public
subnet.
And as you can see here and for launching that you see two instance we use the Amazon Elmis.
So this is going to be Amazon Linux machine and then we created another security group with similar
properties of inbound and outbound access rules and we are going to use that security group for adding
or attaching it to our private to instance within our private subnet.
And as you can see our comments are showing that our outputs from the command line are showing that
cell through check whole thing out on a double U.S. console and verify our connections.
I'll be seeing you on the next video.